okay um snow map tutorial attended many
of them so my previous movie no movie
sorry
tutorial I showed you how to convert
movies to play on your iPod away from
now what you want to do to actually get
movies it's a Sony is going to your
internet browser search for utorrent
dot-com click free download
I'm you should get that do the usual and
put it into your Applications folder and
you leave it so and you will get up
well hopefully okay when you get this
you will go into Safari and type in
torrents calm okay once you get that you
want to type in name the movie now I
want I'm just going to choose um Harry
Potter I don't like any part way way and
order the Phoenix wherever is okay Wow
and choose any one of these sites
doesn't matter you can choose that one
get by choice I'll use this one picked
on junkie bit crap but it's okay okay
you press torrent download and
yeah you should get this some reason
let's go real slow then when you get out
you can right click and press open a
mutant or map we add it to the list of
the kid and it will begin to download
when it's going to go very slow because
I feel blocked by my ISP so hang a
barber once you get it it's just gonna
be a file like this sorry
I like this dot avi don't play this on a
Mac you need DivX codec mostly I'm just
google it you'll find this and just
click free downloads in the side
like they already have okay then you
should get that that the landing just
installer as usual and you should be
able to play movies just like this as
you can see got a movie not gonna watch
though sadly and guys how you download
movies if you want any questions or
comments leave them down there and I'll
apply it as soon as possible
how nice Dave people